Update `bin/extract_to_mediawiki` (#303)
wmde/fundraising-frontend-content: README.md

## Extracting "Use of funds" content for banners

> <ins>**Note**</ins>: Banners in [`wikipedia.de`](https://github.com/wmde/wikipedia.de-banners/) currently include the JSON directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!Note]
> Banners in [`wikipedia.de`](https://github.com/wmde/wikipedia.de-banners/) currently include the JSON directly.
```
`<ins>` is not semantic in this context. I'd use [GitHub Markdown Admonitions](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925). They are supported by GitHub, Obsidian and some other markdown renderers.

Banners on `wikipedia.org` (managed with 'CentralNotice') need the "Use of funds" content as data attributes in an HTML tag.

First, make sure the latest changes in Uof content are contained in the source JSON file in `i18n/de_DE/data` or 

> `i18n/en_GB/data` folder. The source JSON file uses the following filename convention: <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make sure the source JSON files in `i18n/de_DE/data` and `i18n/en_GB/data` folder contain the latest changes. The source JSON files use the following filename convention: <br>
```

Try to avoid the passive voice as much as possible. Technical documentation is all about answering the W-questions, "Who/What does what when where, how?"
Using the passive voice can hide those details and can make the text harder to read.

`use_of_funds_content[_YYYY].json ` <br>
e.g. `use_of_funds_content.json` or `use_of_funds_content_2025.json`

Here, `_YYYY` is optional

<ins>Note</ins>: The source JSON file will have `_YYYY` suffix added to the file name only when we are in a Transition 
phase. Meaning, when the new UoF content is available to us but our [fundraising-application](https://github.com/wmde/fundraising-application/blob/6df3f6261981f0fd2582961f87db042eed6298cb/src/Factories/FunFunFactory.php#L438)

> repo still uses old version of UoF funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source JSON file without the `_YYYY` suffix will always exist. Sometimes, we are in a transition phase, where we have an *additional* source file with the suffix, with new and improved content. 
During this transition phase, the [fundraising-application](https://github.com/wmde/fundraising-application/blob/6df3f6261981f0fd2582961f87db042eed6298cb/src/Factories/FunFunFactory.php#L438) links to either the the file with or without the suffix. During that time, the content repository needs to contain both files, to support the content deployment independent from application deployment. 
See section "[Clean up UoF source JSON file](#clean-up-uof-source-json-file)" to see what happens after the transition phase.
```

> The Following text explains how to generate the “Use of Funds” text for MediaWiki for both German and English language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following text explains how to generate the “Use of Funds” text for MediaWiki for both German and English language
```

(using `bin/extract_to_mediawiki` script and `Composer` command).

#### Composer command

- Default (no year): `composer uof`
- With year: `composer uof -- [YYYY]`
  -  e.g. `composer uof -- 2023`

> <ins>Note</ins>: The `--` ensures Composer forwards `YYYY` to each script entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The `--` ensures Composer forwards `YYYY` to each script entry
```

#### File‑naming conventions

| JSON source file                 | Output file                                                                      |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| use_of_funds_content.json        | 	mediawiki_use_of_funds_de.txt /<br/> mediawiki_use_of_funds_en.txt            |
| use_of_funds_content_2025.json   | 	mediawiki_use_of_funds_de_2025.txt /<br/> mediawiki_use_of_funds_en_2025.txt  |

> Suffix `_YYYY` is added to the output file name only when you pass a year (`YYYY`) in the [Composer command](#composer-command).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Composer command](#composer-command) will only generate the files with the suffix `_YYYY` when you pass a year (`YYYY`) in.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> If you don't want to open the files in a text editor to copy them into MediaWiki, you can copy them directly to the clipboard with the following commands: `cat mediawiki_use_of_funds_de.txt | xclip -sel c` (Linux) and `cat mediawiki_use_of_funds_de.txt | pbcopy` (Mac)
```
